welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called after from
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it at the beginning
of the movie we saw a girl named tessa
she was roaming around the forest and
trying to say something she said love is
very important in everyone's life she
was thinking that her life was so boring
and narrow before she met the love of
her life but after she met the love of
her life her life changed totally and
then we see the title of this movie
after this scene cuts here and in the
next scene we saw that tessa was in her
room tessa finished her school and now
she was about to go to college she was
packing up for college
but her mom didn't want her to go far
from her but tessa managed her mom
because she always wanted to go to a
distant college and she wanted to study
commerce and then we saw her friend noah
and then they started driving to the
college and they went to a room then we
saw two other girls in front of tessa
they were her roommates but tessa's mom
felt a little bit awkward after seeing
them because they looked so bold and
then tessa's mom told her you should not
stay in this room i'm going downstairs
to change your room but then tessa told
her mom it doesn't matter how my
roommates are i will always be careful
about my study tess's mom agreed with
her and then left the room and then
tessa kissed her boyfriend and we found
out that the guy noah from the beginning
of this movie is actually her boyfriend
and then she went to her room her
roommate said your boyfriend looks cute
in the next scene we saw that tessa got
a message from her mom and her boyfriend
they texted her to take care of herself
in the next scene we saw that tessa was
going to her college and then when she
went to the class she met a guy named
landon both of them were so excited to
join the class they were the first who
came to the class even the classroom was
locked then in the next scene we saw
that tessa was taking a shower in the
bathroom but when she came out she saw
that hardin was sitting on the couch and
hardin is the lead actor of this movie
tessa told him maybe you're in the wrong
room but then hardin said no i'm in the
right room he even showed her the key
that he used to get inside the room then
one of tessa's roommates came there and
hardin was her friend then her roommate
told her to join the party with them
there will be some more friends of ours
tessa agreed with her and they were
getting ready to go to the party in the
next scene we saw that tessa was sitting
in a cafe hardin was also there harden
and his friends were gossiping but then
harden and tessa looked at each other
and it was such a romantic scene and
then tessa went to that party wearing a
hot dress then all of them decided to
play truth or dare and they took it to
an extreme point then a guy named zed
asked tessa what do you want to pick
truth or dare then tessa said truth then
one of her friends asked her what was
the craziest place where you had sex and
then we found out that tessa never had
sex which means she was a virgin and
then everyone started laughing at her
then tessa said i will choose dare over
truth then she was dared to kiss harden
then tessa said no and everyone started
laughing over the fact that a girl
rejected harden
actually harden was the chocolate boy of
the college and all the girls of the
college were impressed with him and
that's why everyone started laughing at
her and then hardin said i will make her
fall in love with me then tessa went to
a corner of the room and called her
boyfriend she wanted to talk to her
boyfriend because she was feeling so
alone then her boyfriend said you must
be drunk but tessa said no i only had
one drink everyone was having drinks so
i also had one then they started
fighting over this tessa cut the call
and then she was exploring the place and
suddenly she came to a room full of
books actually this was harden's room
tessa saw a novel there but then hardin
came there and asked her what are you
doing here this is my room then tessa
told him i was actually looking at the
novel then hardin tried to kiss her
tessa was also about to kiss him but
then her mood changed and she said no
and then she came back downstairs
after that she received a message from
noah saying i'm disappointed in you she
said sorry to him the next day tessa
went to the class before everyone there
was a competition in the class the
professor was asking them about love he
asked them what is love and how is it
then hardin said i don't believe in love
it's a useless term he thinks love means
sex but tessa didn't agree with him she
said true love still exists
then they started debating with each
other over this
they also started over a novel by
elizabeth and then after the class ended
hardin told her it was really nice to
talk to you the debate was so nice then
landon came there actually landon was
harden's brother hardin's father was in
a relationship with landon's mom if they
get married harden and landon will
become step brothers then landon told
her hardin is my brother in the next
scene we saw tessa in a cafe then harden
came there and told her i want to show
you something new but tessa said no i
don't want to see it but when harden
asked her out tessa also said no but
when she was walking out the door her
mood changed and she agreed to go out
with him they went so far from the city
they went to a forest and hardin stopped
the car by a lake it was harden's
favorite place hardin got down in the
water and he asked tessa to come down as
well tessa tried to resist him but at
last she agreed but she said i don't
have my swimming suit with me how can i
get into the water then harden told her
to wear his t-shirt then tessa told him
to look away so that she could change
her outfit and then she changed her
shirt and got into the water and started
swimming
then they talked about so many things
then tessa asked what is that thing that
you loved the most in this world
then hardin said i love myself then
tessa said yes you're right that was
such an easy question and we will get to
know more about this question at the end
of this movie this is such an important
question then tessa asked him to change
her shirt then hardin touched her body
and realized that tessa was still a
virgin no one ever touched her then they
went to a cafe to talk but his friends
also came there and hardin started to
feel a bit uncomfortable around them and
then they got out of the cafe then
hardin told her you should dump your
high school boyfriend actually noah was
also a good friend of hers whenever she
needed something noah helped her but
then tessa asked him are we going to
date but hardin said i don't believe in
that and then tessa got angry at him and
left when she came out of the college
she saw that her boyfriend noah came to
meet her they hugged each other and then
they went to the party where all of her
college friends were present then they
played a game the game was about a paper
will be in your lips and you will have
to pass the paper to someone else's lips
then zed was transferring the paper to
tessa but the paper fell off and then
zed tried to kiss her harden noticed it
and beat the out of zed and then
tessa was watching a movie with her
boyfriend then her phone rang landon
called her harden and landon sleep in
the same room landon told her that
hardin and his father were fighting over
something and that's why hardin was very
upset it would be very nice of you if
you just talked to him for a moment and
then tessa went to hardin's room to talk
to him and they had a very romantic chat
with each other tessa asked him if he
didn't drink before then why is he
drinking now hardin said i started
drinking today after i fought with my
dad and then hardin took her to his room
and then they kissed each other
and then they had sex then noah called
her and asked where did you go in the
middle of the night then tessa told him
i had to go to a friend's he needed me
no i asked her but it's the middle of
the night why did you go there and they
started fighting over this and when they
were talking about it hardin came there
then noah realized that they've had sex
maybe they have some kind of
relationship between them and that's why
he broke up with tessa and left and then
tessa was so upset she said i just lost
my best friend today and then tessa went
to meet hardin after a very long time
they were talking to each other on the
rooftop hardin told her i thought you
would never come and talk to me ever
again but then tessa told him i've lost
my best friend but you're more valuable
than him they had a very romantic chat
between them then the scene shifted to a
library and we saw that tessa and hardin
were in the library the librarian told
them that it was closing time everyone
got out of the library but they decided
to hide in the library then hardin read
her a book and then we found out that
hardin loved to read romantic novels but
then the library guard came there and
they started running away in the next
scene we saw that hardin came to pick
her up after her class and then they
spent another romantic time they were
about to have sex but then her mom came
there and saw them together her mom got
so mad at them her mom told her you
should not do this right now you should
get rid of this guy because he will
cheat on you in the future and then
tessa talked to landon about harden
landon told her to be careful about him
because hardin is such a moody guy his
mood changes all the time and he does
absolutely whatever he wants but tessa
told him no he behaves very well with me
and then hardin went to another room
with tessa actually this was the house
of hardin's dad's friends and they
decided to live in that house so that no
one would disturb them anymore they were
staying there and spending a really good
time together they went to the movies
parks and did other stuff together in
the next scene we saw that landon's mom
and harden's dad were getting engaged
and finally they were going to become
step brothers we saw that harden's dad
was so arrogant he drinks most of the
time and that's why he left harden's mom
and married landon's mom actually harden
and his dad never had a good
relationship but tessa told him you
should not talk to your dad like this
then harden told her you don't know my
dad he drinks most of the time and he
even left my mom but she tried to make
him understand that his father was so
concerned about him after that they
started dancing and it was the first
time they had sex and their love for
each other increased so much but then
hardin's ex-girlfriend molly messaged
him she asked him did you tell her about
us then tessa asked him why she was
sending such texts she got mad at him
but hardin said don't you believe me
then tessa said yes i do
pardon said then you shouldn't be
concerned about where i'm going then zed
came to tessa and told her i know where
hardin is he took her where all of his
friends and roommates were zed asked him
don't you know the reality tessa got so
shocked after hearing this she couldn't
understand what they were talking about
and then molly said you should know
what's going on here but then hardin
told her not to say anything he said
don't say anything right now tessa will
be so hurt
then molly showed her a video of their
first meeting where they were playing
truth or dare hardin said i will make
this girl fall in love with me and i
will act like i love her and at last i
will dump her tessa got so shocked after
seeing this and then she left hardin
tried to convince her that this video
was before he met her and now he
actually loves her but tessa was so mad
at him and told him he is a liar she
said i spent so many days of my life
with you and you just kept lying to me
then hard and said no this is not a lie
i really love you and i want to have you
in my life and then tessa left him
hardin was so hurt and it started
raining hardin was crying there we saw
an emotional scene here tessa was also
crying and came back to her hometown she
came to her mom and told her she was
very upset she told her everything about
hardin and then her mom also said sorry
to her she said i forced you to live a
life like me and then they talked to
each other in the next scene we saw that
tessa came to meet her boyfriend he was
a volleyball player tessa came to him
and said i didn't want to hurt you and
it was not my intention then noah said
it's okay never mind we make some
mistakes while growing up and we fix
those mistakes in the future
noah forgives her and they become best
friends once again after that tessa
didn't believe in love anymore she also
moved on from hardin she applied for a
scholarship actually that scholarship
was from hardin's dad he had a
publishing company she got that
scholarship then we saw that tessa went
to college and everyone was submitting
their projects it was the final year of
college they had to submit their final
projects that day then a teacher gave
her a book that hardin wrote for her the
book was so emotional tessa opened that
book in front of landon and started
reading it hardin wrote in that book
that before i met you i never believed
in love but i started feeling everything
after i met you i could feel all the
feelings and the novels i read exist in
reality
even true love is real harden also said
love can heal all wounds in your life
and many more emotional things were
written there and in the end he wrote a
question he said once you asked me what
is the most important thing in life
hardin said it's you you are the most
important thing in my life
and then tessa went to that lake that
was harden's favorite hardin also came
there and they looked at each other and
the movie ends here with this emotional
scene to watch more explanations of
these kinds of movies click on the
videos on your screen and don't forget
to let me know how you feel about
today's video in the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks